cool is this way let's go check it out
Wow don't you who the fuck are you
private Richards my fire teams an
outpost nearby been scouting around
avoiding hit control hey what is this
shit I don't know I was gonna check it
out when you Cowboys arrive what all
right I'm gonna get this thing back to
the outpost and leave you guys to your
business I don't think so Sam take the
XO and take the high ground we go out on
foot whatever
come on man open your eyes you see any
brass around here they screw this whole
thing up only it's us to get shattered
you got a big mouth what is it with you
you're looking to be some kind of war
hero again it's over your friend
template he offed himself I left us all
in the shit pick up we go hell you doing
man many to our suspect let's move